lesson 3 reflections

Using remote repository
When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
mainly if i'm using a different computer or for big projects involving other people


manual vs. automatic pull
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
similar concept in commiting manually over automatically. more control, and be able to review if there are any changes made that would conflict to what you're doing


forks, clones, and branches
describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches when would you use one insstead of another
forks - is mainly used for copying a repository in github into your own github repository
clones - is copying a repository into your local, regardless if it's in github, or local to local
branches - is to branch out to a new line of commits, used to work on projects and still keep a working version


local copies of remote branches
what is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally
similar to commits, having a backup just in case changes made this time in github and want to rollback. works like a checkpoint


collaboration using git and github
how would you collaborate without using git or github? what would be easier, and what would be harder?
would be exstremely difficult, probably use a spreadsheet with a request lists and a corresponding column if it's completed or not, even with notes. lost easier with github


when to use a separate branch
when would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? what benefits does each approach have?
when collaborating or working with others, would seem to work on another "feature" which would be better if they're using a new branch. working on master directly would make the most sense if there's only one person. even if only one person is working on a project, the person might still create branches but probably then merge it once the person is completed in the part the person is working on